Welcome to Cappuccino!
======================

Introduction
------------
Cappuccino is an open source framework that makes it easy to build
desktop-caliber applications that run in a web browser.

Cappuccino is built on top of standard web technologies like JavaScript, and
it implements most of the familiar APIs from GNUstep and Apple's Cocoa
frameworks. When you program in Cappuccino, you don't need to concern yourself
with the complexities of traditional web technologies like HTML, CSS, or even
the DOM. The unpleasantries of building complex cross browser applications are
abstracted away for you.

For more information, see http://cappuccino.org.

System Requirements
-------------------
To run Cappuccino applications, all you need is a web browser that understands
JavaScript.

To build Cappuccino itself, you'll need the following tools:

  - Java 1.5: http://www.java.com/
  - Apache Ant: http://ant.apache.org/
  - GCC: http://gcc.gnu.org/

If you're using Windows, you'll also need Cygwin: http://www.cygwin.com/

Finally, if you want to easily stay up to date with the latest developments
and contribute your work back to the Cappuccino community, you'll want to
install Git: http://git-scm.com/

Getting Started
---------------
These instructions are for building a development copy of Cappuccino. If you'd
just like to get started using Cappuccino for your web apps, you should
instead download a pre-compiled copy of Cappuccino from:

    http://cappuccino.org/download/

Before building Cappuccino, you will need to install a pre-compiled copy of
the Cappuccino Tools:

    1. Download the Cappuccino Tools from http://cappuccino.org/tools.
    2. Unarchive the downloaded file.
    3. Run: chmod +x install-tools
    4. Run: sudo sh ./install-tools
    5. Set your environment variables:
       export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/bin
       export OBJJ_HOME=/usr/local/share/objj
       export STEAM_BUILD=~/objj_build

Refer to the Cappuccino Tools README file for more information on the tools
that were installed and these environment variables.

Once both the Cappuccino Tools are installed, you can build Cappuccino running "ant" from within the root of the Cappuccino directory.

Getting Help
------------
If you need help with Cappuccino, you can get help from the following sources:

  - FAQ:           http://cappuccino.org/discuss/faq.php
  - Documentation: http://cappuccino.org/learn/
  - Wiki:          http://github.com/280north/cappuccino/wikis
  - Mailing List:  http://groups.google.com/group/objectivej
  - IRC:           irc://irc.freenode.net#cappuccino

If you discover any bugs, please file a ticket at:

    http://cappuccino.lighthouseapp.com.

License
-------
This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option)
any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along
with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51
Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA
